gh-120522: Add a `--with-app-store-compliance` configure option to patch out problematic code (#120984)
python/cpython: Doc/using/configure.rst

   Specify the name for the python framework on macOS only valid when
   :option:`--enable-framework` is set (default: ``Python``).

.. option:: --with-app-store-compliance
.. option:: --with-app-store-compliance=PATCH-FILE

>    The Python standard library contains strings that are known to cause
>    trigger automated inspection tools when submitted for distribution by
>    the macOS App Store. If enabled, this option will apply the list of
>    patches that are known to correct app store compliance. A custom patch
>    file can also be specified. This option is disabled by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The Python standard library contains strings that are known to trigger
   automated inspection tool errors when submitted for distribution by
   the macOS and iOS App Stores. If enabled, this option will apply the list of
   patches that are known to correct app store compliance. A custom patch
   file can also be specified. This option is disabled by default.
```

>    .. versionadded:: 3.13

Reviewer 2: Is this going to backported to 3.12 also? There's a `3.12` label attached to the PR :)

Author: See discussion above. The *issue* exists in 3.12; the suggestion was that the back port decision was one for @Yhg1s as 3.12 release manager, since it's not a bug fix in the strictest sense, and changes the configuration options.

Author: for reference: [this comment](https://github.com/python/cpython/pull/120984#issuecomment-2188214941) and [this one](https://github.com/python/cpython/pull/120984#issuecomment-2190954638).
